What's your memories of seeing coverage of the strike on television?
Oh, there was a great deal of impact of that on television, obviously.
I was frankly appalled by the whole policy of the Prime Minister at that time.
And appalled at what I saw of open conflict between the police and the miners.
My sympathy, I have to say, was with the miners.
Though, obviously, there were incidents that you wouldn't have approved of, but there you go.
And also I was very struck by the contribution that miners' wives made during the strike.
Yes, it still remains a very powerful image of the sort of angry confrontations that there were and actual violence that occurred.
What was your opinion of the way the miners were portrayed on television?
I think probably on the whole they were badly portrayed.
I wouldn't say that it...
Well, of course it depends on one's own viewpoint, doesn't it?
I already had sympathy with their situation, so I would be less affected by the way it was portrayed.
But I felt that on occasion, certainly, yes, they were shown as being the violent ones,
whereas that was not really necessarily the case at all.
Thank you.